{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 _____Notes_____\
\
The "Prefabs" folder contains all the ready to use game objects. Just place them in your game environment. The "The Source Assets" Folder contains the base models, textures, and materials used by the the prefabs. If you want to change a material or texture, please do it here. Otherwise use the prefabs please. \
\
-Performance\
\
The image effects and the pro water are disabled by default to keep a better performance for lower computers.\
You can enable the image effects in the main camera" inspector. For better looking water you can switch from "simple" to "refractive" in the "daylight water" inspector. Please note that especially the water and the SSAO will have a big performance hit which is suitable for newer generation PC's. SSAO is more the "icing on the cake" and not necessary. For performance reasons I suggest to bake a lightmap for such effects. \
The soft shadows are also disabled by default to keep a smooth performance on low end computers. If you wish to enable soft shadows, please choose the "sun" light under the hierarchy and change it in the inspector under "Shadow Type".\
\
-Lightening Setup/ Atmosphere \
\
This scene is set in the morning. So I gave the directional light (named as "sun") a slightly yellowish color to simulate the dawn light. The shadow color around that time has a blue to purple tint on sunny days. I tweaked the ambient color under render settings to achieve this effect. On a sunny afternoon the light would be pretty much white with a hint of blue or yellow and the shadow color would have a blue tint. The ambient light is really important for the overall atmosphere and feel of your scene. Keep that in mind. Unit's default grey ambient color is only good for rainy/ cloudy days. Otherwise you should change it. \
\
I used two point lights to fake some light bouncing which gives the scene a more realistic lightening. These lights are set to "not important" thus these ones are some cheap vertex lights with minor impact for performance. Usually, such lights needs to be subtle in a nature scene. It shouldn't be obvious to the player. \
\
The fog is important as well if you want to achieve a believable landscape scene. In this scene I used a light blue color to simulate a atmospheric perspective. This gives the scene deepness and a feel of wideness. The color is usually based on the sky color. Your fog color should approximately match the sky. \
\
-Particles\
\
They are two particle systems. One for falling leaves and one for mountain clouds.\
You can easily tweak the world velocity of the mountain clouds to change the direction. \
\
-Grass Bundles and Ground Plants\
\
The ground foliage is driven by Unity's tree engine. That means you have some detailed plants which are affected by the windzone, even placed on mesh terrain. \
The advantages \
+a more realistic movement than Unity's default grass system.\
+custom meshes with a better filtrate which is important for alpha testing.\
+grass cast shadows (can be disabled in the tree editor)\
\
The disadvantages \
-Not suitable to decorate huge areas with it (i.e. large grassy hills) because of Unity's tree limit of 500 trees.\
-not for too uneven surfaces (i.e a step hill)\
\
These plants and grass are meant to be an addition for the common terrain grass and detail meshes to decorate some of your key areas with beautiful looking foliage. Please note that these plants casting shadows which creates a higher amount of drawcalls.\
\
-LOD versions of objects\
\
There are a lot LOD versions for its respective model, which can be used with Unity 3.5 LOD system or an other Unity compatible LOD system. I suggest to use these LOD's especially for the mountains. The player won't recognize a difference if the mountains are far away. \
}